Thank you again. Thank you very much everyone. Thank you very much for participating. Thank
you for coming and making all these efforts. Thank you to be here together and practicing
a little bit, helping each other, inspiring each other. I'm so grateful and thankful to
all of you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Now again, we are going to continue the teachings
on the great Bhumalamitra, or Jeepshankya Vamsa, or the great Tshense, and which is back to
the correction teacher, Bodhachaktamuni. All teachings, whatever you start learning from
the Buddhism, no matter whatever it is, is all connected to the correction teacher, Bodhachaktamuni
.
Bodhachaktamuni came 2,600 years ago, and he reached enlightenment or become the Buddha,
and then he shared his realization, and what he learned, and what he practiced, and what
he relied on to all of us, with love, with compassion, with wisdom, and a clear understanding,
exactly as we needed, as we did, according to also our capabilities, according to our
readiness of that. For that reason, the correction teacher, Bodhachaktamuni, all the teachings
are known as summarized as nayana teachings. Those all teachings are particularly designed,
each individual, they are reading as capabilities, so that we all can connect it to our realization
,
our true nature, every level, and that's what really gives it. But this time, this teaching
is the highest thing, this most direct teaching, most direct point in teaching to discover
our innate nature without relying on the time and effort too much hard came, and discover
our innate qualities very quickly and easily. And that is what this great teaching is, and
for that again, to observe that, to make that happen, we have to bring more joy, more appreciation,
more courage, more commitment, more loyalty, loyalty, more humble, more simple, go to art,
and then just really bring up all our qualities. We call it, means what? We devote each other,
with kindness, with respect and appreciation. All those are needed to activate that. Otherwise,
our ego clings, negative emotion has ruled us so many lifetimes, countless lifetimes. It's easy,
kind of located by those forces, and then we can skip away from even we have the best teaching,
the most profound teaching, kind of lost the point. Really, that happened so many times.
But to preserve that, again, as I said, courage, commitment, respect, joy, humble and simple,
and a loyalty, loyal to the teaching, to the lineage, and the practice. This is not just
that we're making this for just some reason, some kind of, make some please, someone that,
but we're doing this for ourself, to make that really so I can help to myself, I can help to
my family, friend, members, and all that. Really, again, the context of the love and joy and
appreciation and respect, and also humble and simple, just not caring this and that, all that
things, and what in the teaching says, and many times it happens in the practice, or when you put
a kind of caring the knowledge or understand in the mouth, mouth, mouth, and then kind of bubbling
that or bubbling that, or talking those, but realizationally, really, we don't have the kind
of realization that not observing in the heart and the mind, and then with that means, where
about in teaching said, teaching an individual when it's two different directions. Teaching
when one direction, individual when one direction, even we are called expert to speaking of these
and that things, things, but it's all means to absorb to the heart and the mind, to make the
change to ourselves, make our improvement, improvement of our love, kindness, compassion,
joy, respect, and appreciation, and patience, understanding. Then, if we have that, even we
don't speak so well, all that, we are making the meaning, we're making the change, really in the
teaching said that. So therefore, again, we should all remember those things clearly and bring more
joy and appreciation, and then, together with the body, the thought, all living beings, and then
with the understanding of this, this then purview, purview of state, of the zocchi status. So,
those are all with the thought, and now we go to the, to the, these hundred practices,